Docs: Warn ECS users to avoid plain text credentials (#5387)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/aws/ecs/_index.md

Go ahead and replace the `Url` property with your [GrafanaCloud][GrafanaCloud] credentials, you can find them in your [account][grafanacloud account] in the Loki instance page. If you're running your own Loki instance replace completely the URL (e.g `http://my-loki.com:3100/loki/api/v1/push`).

> > We're including plain text credentials in `options` for simplicity. However, this exposes credentials in your ECS task definition and in any version controlled configuration. Instead, you should use a secret store such as [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html) combined with the [`secretOptions` configuration to inject sensitive data in log configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/specifying-sensitive-data-secrets.html#secrets-logconfig).

Reviewer: I don't see a need to make this a highlighted paragraph. 

```suggestion
We include plain text credentials in `options` for simplicity. However, this exposes credentials in your ECS task definition and in any version-controlled configuration. Mitigate this issue by using a secret store such as [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html), combined with the `secretOptions` configuration option for [injecting sensitive data in a log configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/specifying-sensitive-data-secrets.html#secrets-logconfig).
```
